Create ICoreDebugProcess11-interface (#29732)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/icordebugmodule4-ismappedlayout-method.md

---
description: "Learn more about: ICorDebugModule4::IsMappedLayout Method"
title: "ICorDebugModule4::IsMappedLayout Method"
ms.date: "06/06/2022"
api_name: 
  - "ICorDebugModule4.IsMappedLayout"
api_location: 
  - "CorDebug.dll"
api_type: 
  - "COM"
f1_keywords: 
  - "ICorDebugModule4::IsMappedLayout"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "IsMappedLayout method, ICorDebugModule4 interface [.NET Framework debugging]"
  - "ICorDebugModule4::IsMappedLayout method [.NET Framework debugging]"
ms.assetid:
topic_type: 
  - "apiref"
---
# ICorDebugModule4::IsMappedLayout Method

> Query to see if the module is loaded into memory in mapped/hydrated format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines whether a module is loaded into memory in mapped/hydrated format.
```

  
## Syntax  
  
```cpp  
HRESULT IsMappedLayout(
      [out] BOOL *pIsMapped
      );  
```  
  
## Parameters  
  

>  pIsMapped  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pIsMapped`\
```

>  [out] Pointer to a BOOL to store mapping information. TRUE will represent mapped format while FALSE represents flat format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[out]` Pointer to a BOOL to store mapping information. TRUE represents mapped format while FALSE represents flat format. 
```

  
## Return Value  

>  S_OK  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`S_OK`\
```

 Successfully created the reader.  
  

>  S_FALSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`S_FALSE`\
```

 The layout could not be determined.
  
## Remarks  

> The pIsMapped value set in pIsMapped should only be interpreted as valid when this function returns S_OK. All other return values (including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pIsMapped` value should only be interpreted as valid when this function returns `S_OK`. All other return values (including
```

> S_FALSE) indicate that the layout could not be determined and pIsMapped should be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`S_FALSE`) indicate that the layout could not be determined and `pIsMapped` should be ignored.
```

  
## Requirements  

 **Platforms:** See [System Requirements](../../get-started/system-requirements.md).  
  
 **Header:** CorDebug.idl, CorDebug.h  
  
 **Library:** CorGuids.lib  
  
 **.NET Framework Versions:** 4.5, 4, 3.5 SP1  
  
## See also

- [ICorDebugRemoteTarget Interface](icordebugremotetarget-interface.md)
- [ICorDebug Interface](icordebug-interface.md)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
